Et oui !

Si on est arrivé à la bourre à la Take Over 2000 c'est grace à U2 qui avait
ingénieusement oublié son porte-feuilles chez dlyr

Tuo est bien entendu arrivé encore plus à la bourre, vetu de sa belle
chemise bleue de bucheron

Madman aura énormément bossé sur place pour faire toutes les textures manquantes

et rez ne s'est toujours pas rasé... et veut casser plein de bassins

Puis chandra a la tete du gars qu'a pas trop dormi...
Il nous dit "c'est la danse des canards"

Et revoici skal qui nous revient avec son sac de couchage

décidément le coin français de la TO est agité !

Bon a part ca la dead-line DEMO est dans un peu plus de 8h et il nous reste plus
grand chose à faire... donc c00l

G-Hell

------------------------------------------------------------------------

And... yes!

If we got late at the TakeOver 2000, its once again because of u2 that just found
a way to forgot its wallet at dlyr's place

Tuo of course arrived even later, with his great blue lumberjack

Madman will have work a lot on party place to finish missing textures

and rez still didn't shave himself

Chandra looks like he has to got some sleep. He says us "c'est la danse des canards"

And skal comes back with his sleeping bag.

the french group at the TO is pretty active!

So, now te DEMO DEADLINE is in a little bit more than 8 hours and we don't have much
to do now... so it's c00l

G-Hell (Translated from french by tuo)


greetings :

	Kkowboy - State of Mind - Mikrostrange - Please The Cookie Thing - Toypusher -
	Tic tac - Shad 1&2 - Moral Hard candy - Do zen - Heaven 7 - Origin - Jizz - Gcube -
	Fuck wit daddy - Stash - Second reality - Kasparov - elektronics - Square - Tribes -
	teddy bear revenge - Stars - Wonder - 303 - Flirt - Eden - Plastik - Nightfall -
	Squezzed - Oxygene - Solex - Rotaliator - Fulcrum - Sunflower - explora - hard rox - 
	Magic Biniou - Chapi Chapo - Event Horizon - Jumpy - Past - Groovy - Rubicon - Paper -
	Gateaway - Hyper - hpplus - 
	
		

special thanx from madman:
	
	well... a lot of people... first, yara which is at the roots of everything i did in
	this prod. thanx to the popsy who are really cool guys. thanx to mathieu, celine, 
	jean-michel, fabien, cathy, seb, gaelle, ludo(s) and segolene. thanx to my friends 
	everywhere (nope, i didn't forgot you).

	Note:
	well if you're a sharp observer, you might have seen that some models are coming from
	poser. well, i don't care if you think it is lame (such as using mp3 from a CD), i 
	didn't have the time to make those models by myself... (we did all that thing in two
	month) i will try to do it by myself next time... see you.

